Starting new log file.
 Version:  1.170 
 
 Processing Ini File {
 Module_name =  Calradia 
 Num Hints =  12 
 Setting Map Min X =  -180.000000 
 Setting Map Max X =  180.000000 
 Setting Map Min Y =  -145.000000 
 Setting Map Max Y =  145.000000 
 Setting Time Multiplier =  0.250000 
 Setting Seeing Range Multiplier =  6.500000 
 Setting Track Spotting Multiplier =  0.800000 
 Setting player_wounded_treshold =  5.000000 
 Setting hero_wounded_treshold =  15.000000 
 Setting Skill Prisoner Management Bonus =  5 
 Setting Skill Leadership Bonus =  3 
 Setting Base Companion Limit =  20 
 Setting player_xp_multiplier =  2.000000 
 Setting hero_xp_multiplier =  2.000000 
 Setting regulars_xp_multiplier =  3.000000 
 Setting damage_interrupt_attack_treshold =  3.000000 
 Setting damage_interrupt_attack_treshold_mp =  1.000000 
 Setting armor_soak_factor_against_cut =  0.800000 
 Setting armor_soak_factor_against_pierce =  0.650000 
 Setting armor_soak_factor_against_blunt =  0.500000 
 Setting armor_reduction_factor_against_cut =  1.000000 
 Setting armor_reduction_factor_against_pierce =  0.500000 
 Setting armor_reduction_factor_against_blunt =  0.750000 
 Setting horse_charge_damage_multiplier =  1.000000 
 Setting couched_lance_damage_multiplier =  0.650000 
 Setting fall_damage_multiplier =  1.000000 
 Setting shield_penetration_offset =  30.000000 
 Setting shield_penetration_factor =  3.000000 
 Setting missile_damage_speed_power =  1.900000 
 Setting melee_damage_speed_power =  2.000000 
 Setting multiplayer_walk_enabled =  0 
 Setting mission_object_prune_time =  180 
 Scan Module Textures =  1 
 Scan Module Sounds =  0 
 Loading Resource  test 
 Loading Resource  textures_face_gen 
 Loading Resource  shaders 
 Loading Resource  textures 
 Loading Resource  ccoop_extra_ui_textures 
 Loading Resource  materials 
 Loading Resource  materials_face_gen 
 Loading Resource  ccoop_extra_ui_materials 
 Loading Resource  uimeshes 
 Loading Resource  meshes_face_gen 
 Loading Resource  helpers 
 Loading Resource  map_tree_meshes 
 Loading Resource  map_icon_meshes 
 Loading Resource  particle_meshes 
 Loading Resource  skeletons 
 Loading Resource  tree_meshes 
 Loading Resource  xtree_meshes 
 Loading Resource  grass_meshes 
 Loading Resource  plant_meshes 
 Loading Resource  body_meshes 
 Loading Resource  object_meshes 
 Loading Resource  object_bodies 
 Loading Resource  goods_meshes 
 Loading Resource  item_meshes1 
 Loading Resource  horse_a 
 Loading Resource  arabian_horses 
 Loading Resource  arabian_castle 
 Loading Resource  food 
 Loading Resource  beards 
 Loading Resource  armors_b 
 Loading Resource  armors_c 
 Loading Resource  armors_d 
 Loading Resource  armors_e 
 Loading Resource  armors_f 
 Loading Resource  armors_g 
 Loading Resource  armors_h 
 Loading Resource  armors_i 
 Loading Resource  boots_b 
 Loading Resource  boots_c 
 Loading Resource  helmets 
 Loading Resource  helmets_b 
 Loading Resource  village_houses 
 Loading Resource  village_houses_a 
 Loading Resource  village_houses_b 
 Loading Resource  hair 
 Loading Resource  deneme 
 Loading Resource  interiors_a 
 Loading Resource  interiors_b 
 Loading Resource  interiors_c 
 Loading Resource  arena 
 Loading Resource  map_icons_b 
 Loading Resource  castle_a 
 Loading Resource  dungeon 
 Loading Resource  stone_houses 
 Loading Resource  snowy_houses 
 Loading Resource  snowy_castle 
 Loading Resource  helmets_d 
 Loading Resource  helmets_e 
 Loading Resource  helmets_f 
 Loading Resource  castle_b 
 Loading Resource  square_keep 
 Loading Resource  anim_b 
 Loading Resource  shields 
 Loading Resource  shields_b 
 Loading Resource  weapon_meshes_c 
 Loading Resource  xtree_meshes_b 
 Loading Resource  map_icons_c 
 Loading Resource  pictures 
 Loading Resource  user_interface_b 
 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material mp_ui_host_maps_e for mesh mp_ui_host_maps_e1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material mp_ui_host_maps_e for mesh mp_ui_host_maps_e2 Loading Resource  user_interface_c 
 Loading Resource  scene_encounter_spot 
 Loading Resource  interior_thirsty_lion 
 Loading Resource  scene_small_tavern 
 Loading Resource  weapon_meshes1 
 Loading Resource  weapon_meshes_b 
 Loading Resource  houses1 
 Loading Resource  wall_meshes1 
 Loading Resource  town_houses 
 Loading Resource  doors 
 Loading Resource  churches 
 Loading Resource  town_houses_b 
 Loading Resource  castle_c 
 Loading Resource  castle_d 
 Loading Resource  castle_e 
 Loading Resource  castle_f 
 Loading Resource  castle_g 
 Loading Resource  castle_h 
 Loading Resource  castle_i 
 Loading Resource  gatehouse 
 Loading Resource  viking_houses 
 Loading Resource  fake_houses 
 Loading Resource  town_houses_c 
 Loading Resource  banners 
 Loading Resource  map_flags 
 Loading Resource  map_flags_b 
 Loading Resource  map_flags_c 
 Loading Resource  map_flags_d 
 Loading Resource  particles_2 
 Loading Resource  prisons 
 Loading Resource  prisons_b 
 Loading Resource  interiors_d 
 Loading Resource  costumes_b 
 Loading Resource  costumes_c 
 Loading Resource  arena_costumes 
 Loading Resource  boots_a 
 Loading Resource  terrain_borders 
 Loading Resource  terrain_borders_b 
 Loading Resource  terrain_borders_c 
 Loading Resource  skyboxes 
 Loading Resource  object_b 
 Loading Resource  tree_e_meshes 
 Loading Resource  destroy 
 Loading Resource  destroy_snowy 
 Loading Resource  xtree_meshes_c 
 Loading Resource  grass_meshes_b 
 Loading Resource  interiors_steppe 
 Loading Resource  grooming_horse 
 Loading Resource  town_houses_d 
 Loading Resource  horses_b 
 Loading Resource  ani_horse_mounted 
 Loading Resource  deneme2 
 Loading Resource  horse_skeleton 
 Loading Resource  steppe_fake_houses 
 Loading Resource  weapon_meshes_d 
 Loading Resource  tableau_shields 
 Loading Resource  heraldic_armors 
 Loading Resource  spear 
 Loading Resource  weapons_e 
 Loading Resource  weapons_f 
 Loading Resource  instruments 
 Loading Resource  sarranid_armors 
 Loading Resource  custom_banner 
 Loading Resource  simple_primitives 
 Loading Resource  ani_man_walk 
 Loading Resource  ani_twohanded 
 Loading Resource  ani_onehanded 
 Loading Resource  ani_death 
 Loading Resource  ani_stand_guardsman 
 Loading Resource  ani_human_mounted 
 Loading Resource  ani_lady_stand 
 Loading Resource  ani_poses 
 Loading Resource  ani_stand_shopkeeper 
 Loading Resource  ani_man_cheer 
 Loading Resource  ani_stand_onhorse 
 Loading Resource  ani_throw_stone 
 Loading Resource  ani_strikes 
 Loading Resource  ani_equip_arms 
 Loading Resource  ani_run_p 
 Loading Resource  ani_run_forward_left_right 
 Loading Resource  uni_strikes3 
 Loading Resource  ani_walk_sideways 
 Loading Resource  ani_run_sideways 
 Loading Resource  ani_stand 
 Loading Resource  ani_crouch_down 
 Loading Resource  ani_low_walk 
 Loading Resource  ani_turn_man 
 Loading Resource  ani_attacks_single 
 Loading Resource  ani_lancer 
 Loading Resource  ani_attacks 
 Loading Resource  ani_kicks 
 Loading Resource  ani_parry_attack 
 Loading Resource  ani_walk_backward 
 Loading Resource  ani_run_lookingsides 
 Loading Resource  ani_defends 
 Loading Resource  ani_walk_lookingsides 
 Loading Resource  ani_jump 
 Loading Resource  ani_wedding 
 Loading Resource  arabian_props 
 Loading Resource  uni_jump 
 Loading Resource  uni_stances 
 Loading Resource  uni_equip 
 Loading Resource  uni_strike 
 Loading Resource  uni_throws 
 Loading Resource  uni_fistswing 
 Loading Resource  uni_lord_stand 
 Loading Resource  uni_defence 
 Loading Resource  uni_sideways 
 Loading Resource  dart 
 Loading Resource  armors_new_a 
 Loading Resource  armors_new_b 
 Loading Resource  armors_new_heraldic 
 Loading Resource  armors_new_arena 
 Loading Resource  crossbows 
 Loading Resource  arabian_armors 
 Loading Resource  rock 
 Loading Resource  costumes_d 
 Loading Resource  nordic_helmets 
 Loading Resource  sarranid_helmets 
 Loading Resource  sarranid_armor 
 Loading Resource  raw_materials 
 Loading Resource  khergit_lady_dress 
 Loading Resource  vaegir_helmets 
 Loading Resource  gauntlets_new 
 Loading Resource  sarranid_lady_dress 
 Loading Resource  sarranid_boots 
 Loading Resource  bride_dress 
 Loading Resource  full_plate_armor 
 Loading Resource  weapon_meshes_e 
 Loading Resource  fur_armors_a 
 Loading Resource  ui_server_filter 
 Loading Resource  warhorse_new 
 Loading Resource  ship 
 Loading Resource  arabian_houses 
 Loading Resource  object_c 
 Loading Resource  tree_f 
 Loading Resource  interiors_arabian 
 Loading Resource  arabian_village 
 Loading Resource  valleyProps 
 Loading Resource  workshops 
 Loading Resource  barrier_primitives 
 Loading Resource  town_houses_e 
 Loading Resource  wb_mp_objects_a 
 Loading Resource  prisonCart 
 Loading Resource  ccoop_extra_ui_meshes 
 
} //Processing Ini File Finished
 WARNING: UNABLE TO MAP SOUND CODE:  snd_release_crossbow_medium 
 WARNING: UNABLE TO MAP SOUND CODE:  snd_release_crossbow_far 
 WARNING: UNABLE TO MAP SOUND CODE:  snd_bullet_hit_body 
 WARNING: UNABLE TO MAP SOUND CODE:  snd_player_hit_by_bullet 
 WARNING: UNABLE TO MAP GAME SCRIPT CODE:  game_check_party_sees_party 
 WARNING: UNABLE TO MAP GAME SCRIPT CODE:  game_get_party_speed_multiplier 
 WARNING: UNABLE TO MAP GAME SCRIPT CODE:  game_missile_launch 
 WARNING: UNABLE TO MAP GAME SCRIPT CODE:  game_missile_dives_into_water 
 WARNING: UNABLE TO MAP GAME SCRIPT CODE:  game_troop_upgrades_button_clicked 
 WARNING: UNABLE TO MAP GAME SCRIPT CODE:  game_character_screen_requested 
 Loading Module...
 Loading item kinds...
 Loading dialogs...
 Loading mission templates...
 Loading party templates...
 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: equip_musket 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: equip_musket 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: crouch_stand_man 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: crouch_stand_man 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: crouch_greatsword_cstance 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: crouch_staff_cstance 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: crouch_fire_pistol 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: crouch_fire_pistol 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: man_reload 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: man_reload 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: man_reload 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: crouch_staff_cstance_attack 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: crouch_staff_cstance_attack 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: spear_thrust_overhead 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: spear_thrust_overhead 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: spear_thrust_overhead 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: spear_thrust_overhead 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: spear_thrust_overhead 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: reload_pistol_new 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: musket_upper_swing 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: musket_upper_swing 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: musket_upper_swing 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: musket_upper_swing 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: musket_upper_swing 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: musket_thrust_forward 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: musket_thrust_forward 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: musket_thrust_forward 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: musket_thrust_forward_parry 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: musket_thrust_forward_parry 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: equip_pistol 
rgl_post_warning_line: get_skeleton_anim failed for: equip_pistol 